Update Neovim Version (#188)
LunarVim/lunarvim.org: docs/01-installing.md

## Prerequisites

> - Make sure you have installed the latest version of [`Neovim v0.7`](https://github.com/neovim/neovim/releases/tag/v0.6.1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure you have installed the latest version of [`Neovim v0.7.0+`](https://github.com/neovim/neovim/releases/latest).
```
